- [Instructor] Docker Hub is a primary
Docker image repository,
similar to Maven Central with JARs.
I'm gonna demonstrate how to upload and share
images with the world.
This is my Docker Hub account.
I'm logged in at hub.docker.com and my Docker ID
is mellenbowman.
If you wanna follow along with these exercises,
you'll have to create your own Docker Hub account
and you would use your own Docker Hub ID
through the steps.
So looking at my dashboard,
I see that I don't have any repositories.
So this is a empty dashboard, there's nothing in here.
So we're gonna actually add a Docker image to it.
So going to the command line,
first of all, I need to log into Docker on the command line.
And I put in my own personal Docker ID,
and my password.
And I'm logged in.
Next, I need to get the image ID of the
explorecali default image.
So I've removed all the other images
except for the explorecali default,
which just interacts with an H2 database, it's standalone.
And I get the image ID.
Now I need to tag that image.
Using that ID.
And now I'm going to cite my Docker ID,
and give it a repository.
Now let's take a look at our images.
And we see that I have a new image
with a new repository path,
and now let's push it up to Docker Hub.
So it says it's pushed, let's go back
to my dashboard,
and see repositories, and there is my image,
uploaded to Docker.
Now let's actually try to run a container
off of that remote image.
Let's clean up the screen a little bit.
And now we're going to actually make sure that
there are no explorecali default images
to prove that what we're doing is remote.
So I'm going to
remove image
so that mellenbowman image is gone,
now let's actually remove the explorecali default image.
So that image is no longer there,
and let's make sure that our containers are clean.
So the only container we have is a local MySQL,
which we're not even going to interact with anyway.
Now we can manually, via a Docker command,
pull down that mellenbowman/explorecali-docker image,
or we can just run the container,
and the image is downloaded automatically.
So we're going to create a container
called ec-app-default, publish it on port 8080,
and we're going to reference the image up on Docker Hub
with the path mellenbowman/explorecali-default.
So it couldn't find it locally,
it's pulling it down,
and it's created the image locally,
and we can actually look at that.
So there's the local image now.
And now let's look at our containers.
And we have a container called ec-app-default
off of our container we created on Docker Hub.
And now let's actually interface with it
and access the tours to prove it works.
And it does.
This same pattern can be repeated
for the MySQL and Docker Spring profiles,
but you have to make sure the database container
is up and running, but this is just a very simple example
of how to use Docker Hub.
Like I said, if you want to do this on your own,
you need to create your own Docker Hub account
to interface with it.